As the Chinese proverb says, a journey
of a thousand miles begins with a single
step. Today's a big day, you're taking
your first step in your journey to learn
how to write scripts in Python.
It's going to be a little challenging
at times, but really it's not that
scary. We'll go slow and give you
everything you need to fully grasp each
concept before we move along.
In the next few videos, you'll discover
the fundamental concepts of computer
programming. You'll learn what a
programming language is, what scripting
is, what languages are out there other
than Python, and how this all relates to
IT. We'll also have you coding before
you know it with small coding exercises
we've cooked up to give you hands-on
practice with Python.
This will include writing your very
first Python script.
But always keep in mind, if at any
point along the way you feel lost or
confused, don't panic.
You can watch the videos as many times
as you need to let the concept sink in,
plus you can ask questions in the
discussion forums, which is one of the
best ways to find extra information and
connect with other learners.
When I was asked to participate in this
program, it made me think about when I
first started to code.
If I could give that younger version of
myself a piece of advice, this is what I
would tell her, it never works the
first time.
Seriously, as a newbie, I expected it
all to work like magic.
I thought that following the rules and
getting it right the first time would
prove my value as a coder, but that's
just not true, not even the best of the
best. If you expect to write perfect
code on the first shot you're going to
be disappointed. You hear that younger
self?
Try not to feel overwhelmed by the
details.
Connecting the dots only comes with
experience, so the best way to learn is
to just jump in.
The truth is everyone learns at their
own pace.
If you already know some of these
concepts, feel free to skip ahead to the
parts that interests you the most.
If you're starting from scratch, take
as long as you need for each concept.
The assessments will be right there
waiting for you when you're done, and if
at any point you start doubting
yourself, remember, even the most
advanced programmers started thinking,
Python?
What's Python? Well, we're about to
learn all about it, so let's dive in.
Next up, we'll be doing a rundown of
what programming is.